[Mobile Expert] I'm glad you
came in, Michelle.
Do you have an old phone
you'd like to trade in?
[Customer] I have an iPhone,
which is about two-years-old.
So, my friend got a new one
and it seems pretty cool.
[Mobile Expert] They are amazing.
Hey, let's take a look at
the newest ones together.
We can get you set up right away.
[Mobile Expert] Happy you're here, Michelle.
We'd love to have
you join T-Mobile;
let's make that happen.
Do you have a little
time right now
to look at some devices?
[Customer] Yeah, I've got a few minutes.
[Mobile Expert] Ok. Do you already
have something in mind?
[Customer] Kinda.
I want to see prices
and get an idea
of what you have.
[Mobile Expert] Ok. Can you tell me
how you use your current
device most of the time?
This way I can help you
explore your options
and find a device with
the features you want.
[Mobile Expert VO] Let's review how you can have great two-way conversations.
When a customer is new to you
or your store you only
have a few seconds
to make a great first impression.
Be friendly and approachable,
and use questions to learn
about your customer.
Ask about their current wireless experience:
What do they like?
What don't they like?
Listen and pick up on information
that will help you explain
Why T-Mobile in ways
that are meaningful to them.
Use open questions to find out
what matters most to your customer
so you can make recommendations
that are personal
and matched to their needs.
This kind of two-way
conversation can reduce,
or even eliminate potential hesitations.
[Customer] I'd like to
learn a little more.
Can you explain the details?
[Mobile Expert] Of course.
With T-Mobile One you've
got a lot of great options.
[Director] And cut!
Alright let's take five.
[Chatter]